# MEDMinder: An reminder android application designed for dementia patient
Show case: https://youtu.be/8S4CPiZCetI

The idea of a specialized reminder application for dementia patients is somewhat common. However, a mobile application that provides reminders for almost any activity would feel bloated for the end-user; it would be difficult to provide the specialized functionality and user interface that would appeal the most to dementia patients. To that end, an application that focuses entirely on a single activity that is repeated throughout the day would then be able to adhere to such limitations.

MEDMINDer is a mobile app that provides dementia patients with reminders on when to take their medications through the use of a simple and easy-to-use 
interface. The app features a user-friendly view of their medications for a given day, as well as intuitive reminder editing and adding functionality. Furthermore, the app includes an analysis of medication history, including missed medications, through both weekly and monthly views. Finally, the app includes emergency contact information--phone numbers that can be called through the phone's call functionality.

The workflow of MEDMINDer, the integration of the app into a dementia patient's life, is rather simple but may require a caretaker to set up the app's reminders. Either through the app itself or the website companion, medications can be added and/or edited through the medication tab. Then, after the information has been suitably given for the name and application frequency--including an optional note and image--of the medication, it will be added to the daily list of medications a patient will have to take. When the time comes for a medication to be taken, the app will give a reminder that, when dismissed, will mark that medication as done and remove it from the list
